Now that we have everything working except for our images, instead of running ADMA image, we're going
to say ad Google image and what we're going to do is we're going to declare a function up here consed
ad Google image that's going to take in the restaurant and is going to do something with that information
in order to structure a euro that can be utilized because currently the information that is available
in that restaurant photos is not something we want to use.
Now if you remember, the restaurants contained the photos array that contained a bunch of information.
So every restaurant has a specific restaurant, that photo reference.
So every restaurant that photos has in the zero index, something called the photo reference.
This photo reference is something that we can utilize to build up your role for the information.
And if we go look over here, we can see photo reference is a unique key that we can utilize.
So we're going to pull the reference and we're going to say, if you do not have a reference, well,
then we're going to return restaurant.
And we need to do something else, we're going to set restaurant up photos equal to an array where we
take a singular mock image right from in here and we're going to hardcoded we're going to say, hey,
any time you don't have a reference for the image, just grab this image, put it in there and we should
be good.
But if you do have a reference, well, that's where it gets interesting.
This is where we want to return restaurant at the end.
But now what we want to do is we want to say that if you do have a reference, well, then restaurant
up photos should be equal to the following maps that Google API slash police slash photo.
This is a specific API to get a photo.
And what it takes is a width for the image and then the photo reference to which will give it the ref.
This is the reference of our image that is coming in from our restaurant and we give it our API key.
And by doing this, we're now going to be sending back this information specifically to our restaurant
individually, and if we go over here and we reload, what we should be able to see is that we're going
to get back the real restaurant images because now we're getting back real Yarl's, to the images of
the reference of that actual place.
We're not getting back random images anymore.
We're getting back real images.
Now, do be aware this bulks up the amount of calls that you are doing to Google Maps places.
This shoots and spikes up the amount of requests because for every single image is a request to Google
places.
So if you don't want to do this, you could easily add back in the ad mock image right over here and
you could just work with mock images just in case you didn't want to work with the live images and do
as many calls.
Now, if we go over to Sydney, what we'll see is that there we go.
We're getting back real images of these places.
It's feeling like a real application that's integrated fully with Google.
And so it's that simple.
We just need to integrate some find bits and pieces from the Google Maps API doing some requests to
specific you URLs, constructing client calls.
That's it, two simple functions, two simple firebase functions hosted on the cloud that can now supply
our app with real information.
And so now you could go and deploy this, right?
You could deploy these firebase functions.
And once you deploy these firebase functions, you can set your local app to utilize those remote firebase
functions, or you can do an expo, publish and then have that app talk to the firebase functions for
real.
And the full end to end integration is now a reality.
Amazing.